adds README changes for including shared symbol table usage with an example (#699)
amzn/ion-js: README.md

| `sexp`                    | yes           | yes           | none                                          |
| annotations               | yes           | yes           | none                                          |
| local symbol tables       | yes           | yes           | none                                          |
| shared symbol tables      | no            | yes           | none                                          |

Notes:
* [test/iontests.ts](https://github.com/amzn/ion-js/blob/master/test/iontests.ts) defines multiple skipList variables
  referencing test vectors that are not expected to work at this time.

* ion-js supports shared symbol table for Ion Binary. Below is an example of how shared symbol table can be used here: 
```javascript
// create a shared symbol table and use it with binary writer

> let sst = new SharedSymbolTable('foo', 1, ['id', 'name']);
> let writer = new BinaryWriter(new LocalSymbolTable(new Import(new Import(null, getSystemSymbolTable()), sst)), new Writeable());

Reviewer: Maybe we could break this out for teaching purposes?

```suggestion

// Create a SharedSymbolTable with the desired strings
let sharedSymbolTable = new SharedSymbolTable('foo', 1, ['id', 'name']);

// Define an import chain
// The system symbol table does not import any other tables (`null` below)
let systemSymbolTableImport = new Import(null, getSystemSymbolTable());
// The shared symbol table imports the system symbol table
let sharedSymbolTableImport = new Import(systemSymbolTableImport, sharedSymbolTable);

// Create a local symbol table that imports the shared symbol table
let localSymbolTable = new LocalSymbolTable(sharedSymbolTableImport);

// Create a writer that uses our new local symbol table
let writer = new BinaryWriter(localSymbolTable, new Writeable());
```

Reviewer: (I haven't tested this code, please let me know if it's incorrect or somehow misleading!)

Author: Yes, I tested this code change and it works fine by adding the shared symbol table correctly.
